It's okay, Grandma.
If you can't remember, that's alright.
That's just how Grandma is. Sometimes
she remembers, sometimes she doesn't.
That's already more than enough.
Some elders I've met at this age
can barely remember anything at all.
Oh.
Grandma, could you please
take a look at these photos?
Do you recognize anyone,
or remember anyone at all?
If you do, please tell us.
Oh.
That's Mr. Wichan.
And this woman's name is Ampha.
She's pitiful.
Her mother-in-law despised her.
She and her child
were cast out of the house.
Ah, no.
Not cast out. They ran away.
She's pitiful.
She was accused of having an affair,
so she ran away with Pong and Soi.
Grandma, did Ms. Ampha
definitely have children?
A boy or a girl? How many did she have?
-Who?
-Ms. Ampha, Grandma.
Who are you?
Grandma. Grandma, do this.
Once she starts weaving
the patterns she used to do regularly,
her memory will come back. Just a moment.
Oh.
It's okay. We don't have to
trouble her that much.
It's fine. It's brain exercise.
She usually does this all the time anyway.
I'd say this is already a success.
Yes. At least we learned that
Ms. Mysterious's real name is Ampha.
It's a pity we couldn't ask everything.
I even had photos of your mother,
Mr. Sarut, and Ms. Anong.
There was also
a photo of Mr. Sarut's wife.
I got them from your father's
hundred-day memorial album.
So when are we coming back again?
I think it'll have to be after we find out
where Ms. Ampha and her kid ran away to.
And who they are, what their names are.
She's pitiful.
She was accused of having an affair,
so she ran away with Pong and Soi.
I'm starting to be scared of you.
You recorded it too?
Of course I did.
I'm a landscape architect, you know.
It's part of my job to collect details.
I'm just adapting it a little.
You're overreacting.
I'm not overreacting. I'm impressed.
Is that sarcasm again?
Hey, I forgot to tell you something.
Hm?
I had a strange dream last night.
What did you dream about?
I dreamed that you and I…
What's wrong? You choked?
And…
And… what did you dream about?
I dreamed that you and I were just boxing.
Huh?
What's wrong with her?
How is it? Can you walk comfortably?
The cast feels a bit tight today.
Well, we were in a hurry. By the time
I remembered, we were almost home already.
Keep it down.
We're entering the house area now.
But this is your house.
This is the scariest
and most dangerous place of all.
What's scary about it?
It's perfectly livable.
Mr. Warat, can I sleep in today?
I'd like to take a little leave.
Oh, another one. There, there.
Enough already? I want to go inside.
Why am I lying here?
You lay down here yourself
and then forgot.
Don't tell me you fell asleep.
You went completely quiet.
I just saw a vision.
Huh?
I saw Ms. Mysterious, Ms. Ampha,
playing with her children.
And she really does have two children.
One boy and one girl.
My child.
Ms. Ampha, right?
Yes. But I can't
communicate with her at all.
Can you help me focus?
Ms. Ampha, right now Mr. Warat and I
have learned something about you.
Could you please talk to us?
Mr. Warat, Ms. Ampha looks sad again.
Um…
Ms. Ampha, if there's anything
you want us to help with,
or anything you want us to do,
please tell us.
Her form is becoming clearer.
Should we stay still and listen?
Please free me, my child.
What?
You're the mother of…
What are you two doing?
And what is this?
Why aren't you talking inside the house?
So shameless.
Well, Grandma, I'm not walking very well.
Kluay was just supporting me.
And holding arms like this is normal.
We're a couple, after all.
You're really talking back nonstop, Warat.
Um…
I think Warat must be tired.
I'll take him inside now.
Let's go.
-Slowly.
-Ow, Kluay, gently. That hurts.
Slowly.
I thought that once Kluay came to live
in our house, everything would get better.
But look. This is what it's like, Supol.
With the utmost respect, ma'am…
Stop. If you're going to defend them,
then stop. I don't want to hear it.
Earlier, did you hear
Ms. Kluay mention the name Ampha?
What did you say?
When we were walking from a distance,
I saw Ms. Kluay and Mr. Warat talking,
as if they were speaking to someone.
I thought I was just imagining things.
But when I got closer, I clearly heard
Ms. Kluay say the name Ampha.
That's right.
I've been at the office all day.
And where are you, Som?
I'm at the office too.
You've been at the office all day?
Yes, all day. Where could I have gone?
You know how busy I am.
Mm, really?
LEGAL MANAGER'S ROOM
Come here.
-Hey, ow!
-Hey.
I already told you not to go
see Mom again, didn't I?
Huh? How did you know?
The place you went was my home.
If I didn't know what was going on
in my own house, I'd be stupid.
Okay, listen to me.
Your mother is like my mother.
When she has problems,
I have to go see her, right?
But you promised you wouldn't go again.
This time I was wrong. I'm sorry.
And… how is Mom?
Is there anything I can help?
Really? You'll really help me?
But Kluay must not know
that we're investigating her past.
I'll handle it delicately.
By the way, why did you come here?
Something happened, didn't it?
Of course. I know now
who was behind
staging the assault on Kluay.
Ameena.
Even if Kluay doesn't press charges,
I won't let it go.
I'll deal with her myself.
Kluay was hurt and humiliated.
How could I just let it slide?
A crazy girl like her
needs to meet someone crazier like me.
This time, I'll deal with her for good.
What are you going to do?
Not just me. Us. You have to help me too.
Wait. Really?
-Mm. Let's go.
-Whoa, Som, wait.
Why is it such a mess all day long?
Ow.
Um, Anong,
this morning I saw Sin
carrying a fruit basket
to give to Mrs. Wanee.
Thank you so much.
I'm just doing everything I promised you,
to make sure everything goes smoothly.
Actually,
Mr. Warat isn't seriously ill at all.
But I thought it was a good opportunity
to let Sin show some goodwill.
Honestly, if Sin could understand things
this easily, that would be great.
Actually, he should've
understood this a long time ago.
And there's one more thing.
Sin doesn't fully believe yet, right,
that I had something
to do with Wichan's death?
CAMERA
DR. MANOP NONTALAK
MR. WICHAN VANICH
No.
Mm, wait.
Did Ms. Ampha speak to us
like she's our mom?
Yes. But when your grandmother walked up
to us, she disappeared immediately.
And I saw that moment,
you were communicating with her, right?
I heard Ms. Ampha
say the words "my child."
"My child."
And she spoke like she was our mom?
Or what your grandmother said
that Ms. Ampha is not your mother
is not true?
Then why would Grandma lie to me?
And this woman's name is Ampha.
Her mother-in-law despised her.
She's pitiful.
She was accused of having an affair.
Do you think…
that I'm Ms. Ampha's child,
and that Dad isn't really my father?
Oh, I think we shouldn't
jump to conclusions just yet.
If Ms. Ampha was not related to me,
why does she keep following me?
The affair Grandma Aom mentioned
-could be my real father.
-Mm. Mm.
You're imagining things again.
You really should go
write a novel or something.
Uh…
I think we should go this way.
-Come on.
-Hey, my leg hurts.
I've checked the valve already.
It's still lacking.
If we change the layout,
I think we should add another
solenoid valve at one more point.
I'll send you
the updated plan tomorrow, okay?
Amazing. You dragged me here to work.
Fantastic.
You know, people can't stay stuck
on one thing all day long.
It's not healthy.
You're so diligent.
Is this what you call diligent?
I skipped work and helped you all night.
I'm lucky I have a good team.
Otherwise, this wouldn't be finished.
Diligent at causing trouble.
Hey, why are you blaming me now?
Speaking of which, this looks prettier.
Me?
The house.
Hey, you could at least
pretend to compliment me a little.
But it's good that your grandmother
decided not to tear the house down.
Uh.
Not tearing it down,
but throwing everything away instead.
We're back to the same topic again.
But the sky is beautiful tonight.
The stars are filling the sky.
There, have you heard
of the Seven Sisters?
Do you do this often?
You mean stargazing?
Well… quite often, I guess.
What a strange question.
I mean inviting men to stargaze.
Hey.
Do you do that often?
No. I usually look at the stars alone.
You really have a lot of free time, huh?
Sitting around watching stars. Pointless.
Why are you criticizing people like that?
Does it really take that much time,
just to look up and see the stars?
It doesn't take much time. It's just…
something suited for someone so free,
with nothing to do. Life is just
-breathing, and looking at stars.
-Oh, okay, okay, okay.
All right, I used the wrong words.
I just can't believe there are people
who don't love nature at all.
Yes, that's me. I don't love nature.
I like air-conditioned rooms. I don't like
heat, sunlight, or mosquitoes.
No one likes those things, but
how can you not like nature?
Even Mr. Arnon said you like drawing.
I like drawing, but not like…
sitting around watching stars.
Should we go home?
I want to talk to Arnon about Grandma Aom.
Take a short break, okay? It's fine.
I'm exhausted. I fought a ghost all night.
Fought a ghost?
Nothing.
Come on. If you want to go home,
let's go. I'll take you back myself.
May I?
Hurry up. Let's go.
Did you do anything to me last night?
Do what? We were in separate rooms.
Mm. Really?
Yeah.
You don't have to know everything.
Why are you blushing?
What are you talking about? Walk properly.
Did you see that?
I didn't see it, but I heard it.
I don't think it was a person.
It was probably a ghost.
If it were a ghost,
I wouldn't be able to hear or see it.
I think it was a thief.
Uh…
Uh.
-Let's leave.
-No, let's check it out.
No.
Mm.
-I'll go check.
-Hey.
Come see me, my child.
Mr. Warat. Mr. Warat, don't go.
Mr. Warat.
Mr. Warat, where are you going?
Dad and Ms. Ampha are right here.
That's not true. Get a grip.
Mr. Warat, don't go in there.
Mr. Warat, get a grip.
Focus. Kluay, focus.
Come see me, Warat.
Ms. Ampha, please help.
Mr. Warat
You're back, right?
What happened?
Well…
These are the fruits
that Mr. Sin brought yesterday, right?
Yes, ma'am.
Thank you so much, Supol,
for coming to see me so early.
I couldn't sleep at all last night.
If it weren't for you,
I wouldn't know who to talk to about this.
With the utmost respect, ma'am,
please feel free
to say everything.
Don't keep it bottled up inside.
With respect.
If Kluay really
can communicate with Ampha,
what should we do next?
More importantly,
how much of the past can Warat handle?
Ugh.
I don't even want to think about it.
From what I can tell,
it probably won't go that far.
Because if Mr. Warat were going to know,
he would've known it back when Ms. Kluay
fainted the last time.
You mean, the day Kluay fainted,
she saw Ampha?
Yes, ma'am.
That day, Ms. Som, Ms. Kluay's sister
came to complain to us
because her sister collapsed at the site.
So I checked all the CCTV footage
to confirm that her condition
had nothing to do with us,
that we hadn't overworked her.
And what did you see?
What I saw was Ms. Kluay
standing there, talking to empty air.
Oh…
I don't know whether
I made the right decision or not,
letting Kluay stay in our house.
Ma'am,
the one Ms. Kluay was talking to
might not have been Ms. Ampha.
And I'll find a way to prove it.
Even if it's not Ampha,
whether it's some spirit
or ghost of any kind,
I'm not okay with it.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, Grandma! Grandma, don't.
-What? What?
-What?
Hey!
What are you doing, Boonsita?
You will never be reborn again.
You're going to hell.
Oh my goodness.
Why are you talking to me like this?
This is getting
way too much now, Boonsita.
I'm sorry, Grandma.
I wasn't talking to you, but…
but I was talking to…
Ugh.
Please, can someone help
put all these fruits away?
Fine. When everything's cleaned up,
you and I need to talk.
Hey, anyone around here, come in.
This is not your place.
You want what happened
last night again or what?
What happened?
It's your girlfriend. Out of nowhere,
she stopped me from eating the fruit.
These fruits are from the basket
Mr. Jirasin brought for you yesterday.
So there's something in the fruit?
What could there be?
She's just being paranoid.
I know you and Sin don't really get along,
but this is too much, Boonsita.
Kluay, what did you see
in the fruit? Tell me.
The ones we ran into last night
at the rose arbor house.
Lamduan cookies, my favorite.
Yours are on this side.
And these are for Warat's family.
Why fuss over them so much?
I can't play the good guy too often.
Yesterday it was fruit, today it's sweets.
Don't tell me
I have to offer these to them again.
Offer what?
Everything I do is for you, Sin.
Oh, by the way, Sin. Yesterday,
did you see them eat
the fruit you brought over or not?
Auntie, I'm not going to
pester them like that.
I dropped it off
and went straight to the office. Why?
Just go to work.
I'm going now.
Follow me.
Kluay, what did you see
in the fruit? Tell me.
The ones we ran into last night
at the rose arbor house.
Ghosts?
Come in.
-Excuse me, Mom.
-Mm.
Um, are you busy right now?
-No. Sit down.
-Thank you.
I emailed you
about Phuket. You received it, right?
Oh, did you?
Sorry. I haven't opened it yet.
Oh, no problem at all, Mom.
I came to bring you good news.
We've successfully closed the deal
for the Kata branch,
the hotel and the mall.
Very good. That was fast.
So I'll look at it now.
And did you call a meeting already?
Not yet. I'm thinking of finalizing
the Khon Kaen branch first,
then holding one meeting for everything.
Khon Kaen?
That's odd.
We only recently received the proposal
to join that project.
The Phuket group is also
interested in our Khon Kaen branch,
so they sent another team over.
Won't this
be cutting in line too hard
against the original party?
That's how business is these days.
If you snooze, you lose.
I think they'll understand.
That's good.
I was right to leave this in your care.
Thank you, Sin.
Ugh, walk slowly.
I can't keep up with you.
Jirasin.
He brought those fruits to my house,
and still has the nerve to talk business.
He did it on purpose to mess with me.
Calm down.
It might've just been a coincidence,
like bad luck blowing in with the wind.
It might've just been a ghost that
accidentally fell into Sin's fruit basket.
Okay. Fine. I won't say anything.
Do whatever you want, but don't forget,
your leg's messed up.
Can you even fight him?
If I can't, then I'll take this off
and throw it at his head.
Hey, Mr. Arnon. Good you're here.
Help me deal with Jirasin.
I'll see you in your office.
Mr. Arnon.
-Ouch!
-Ow! Sorry.
This was found on Kluay
when she was brought in.
Can you even walk, Arnon?
-Are you old and going blind?
-Seriously. I almost died.
What secret are you hiding?
-What secret? There's no secret.
-None.
Come to my office. Now.
-Hey, Som. Oh? Som.
-Whoa.
Huh? What?
Here are the bank accounts.
HEAD OF ENGINEERING ROOM
All incoming accounts
are listed here in full detail.
Every baht, every satang,
nothing slips through.
You're actually very good
with money, aren't you?
So why did you let
your debts pile up like this?
It's bad luck. No matter
how good you are, you can still fall.
But honestly,
I like how you rotate the accounts.
It's tight.
You have power in Vanich.
I know every aspect of Vanich's finances.
And I can plan the accounting for you too.
There's nothing more perfect than this.
As long as we keep following this system,
the information won't leak.
The Vanich family will never know
who the foreign capital really is.
What is it?
Uh, the people
at the Vanich house refused it, sir.
Why?
A maid secretly told me
they ordered the fruit you brought
yesterday to be thrown out.
I don't believe Jirasin could close
the Khon Kaen and Phuket deals that fast.
I'm trying to investigate
his connection trail.
He's got nerve.
He's deliberately announcing to us
that he has the power to do anything.
If you're too slow,
I'll drag his guts out myself.
Hey, why are you taking it out on me?
This takes time.
They work very carefully.
Nothing suspicious leaks out at all.
That's why it takes time.
Meaning you're giving him a chance
to feed my grandmother something again?
Do you know how hard it was for me
to get rid of that stuff?
And my grandmother wouldn't believe me
that it was ghost offerings.
Why would he do that
when Madam adores him so much?
Because he's greedy.
Give him an inch, he'll take a mile.
We have to stop him.
Good thing you and Madam
have Ms. Kluay with you.
That girl isn't stronger than ghosts.
She fights and then faints.
I don't know if she can handle it.
-I'm here. Sorry. The line was crazy long.
-Oh.
Thank you. Actually,
my staff could've gone to buy it.
It's fine.
Here you go.
No. I don't like this kind of coffee.
You don't like this?
Then what kind of coffee do you like?
I want to know where it's from,
what the shop is called.
Oh, so you want something with brand.
Just want to know where it's from.
I was going to tell you earlier,
but you had already disappeared.
Keep going.
This is just a tiny part of him.
It's okay. I'll drink this one myself.
You won't be able to sleep.
Come on, this coffee
can't do anything to me.
I've been drinking strong coffee
since college. So I'm resistant, I guess.
You already heard
what happened at the house, right?
Yes. Next time, be more careful
about anything you accept from their side.
Honestly, it'd be better
not to accept anything at all.
But we probably can't, right?
Let's talk about our matter first.
How you two are going to
start with Grandma Aom's matter.
WAKE UP, WORK, EXERCISE. HEALTH IS WEALTH.
TRANSACTION COMPLETE
AMOUNT: 10,000 BAHT
It's because of you
that Jirasin keeps targeting Kluay.
If Kluay is really innocent,
what is she afraid of?
NEXT EPISODE
I won't tolerate this anymore
if Kluay still keeps rambling like this.
Please don't do this, Ms. Ampha.
Ampha?
What happened?
What did you see?
Sin is about to face a serious accident.
It could be fatal.
Subtitle translation by: Panuwat Baikeawon